hi this is Elena from the future and
then who's already made it through the
ball and you know who else we've stood
the test of partying so yeah don't worry
you will get the vlog about the whole
ball and getting ready and me
complaining but I just have a quick
announcement to make and I thought I'll
just put this in the beginning because
if you are coming to Cambridge for
interviews I would love to meet you have
a chat you know if you have any
questions about Cambridge or about my
interview about my little test feel free
to come I will be at CREP affair and the
address is down below from 6 to 8 p.m.
on a 10th and 11th of December so if
you're in Cambridge and you know you
just like to say hi or you have any
questions feel free to come you can stay
for 10 minutes or 2 hours whatever you
want so yeah I just love to meet some of
you guys and yeah please don't leave me
sitting alone and crap affair because
that's a bit sad umm but yeah that's it
and now enjoy me complaining about
having to go to a ball
hello everyone it's Elena and I'm back
for another Cambridge vlog and today's
vlog is very different because normally
on a Saturday like this I would just
work work work work work then eventually
reward myself with McDonald's and
probably fall into my bed at around 8
p.m. now this is not what I'm doing it
is 4:00 p.m. and I'm trying to increase
my currently zero motivation to go to
this event tonight but I have to go
because my friends guilt trip me into
agreeing to it I paid 90 pounds for his
ticket to an event I absolutely do not
want to attend and I have to go because
a it's 90 pounds be my roommates on the
committee so I have to go and support
her and see
I paid 90 pounds for this so we're going
um so yeah I have to get ready and drag
myself there is 4 p.m. now I have to
leave and I think around 7:00 so I still
have a lot of time theoretically I also
have a lot of issues to fix number one
is my acne um yeah it's really out there
you know so we can have to do a lot of
coverage but that's fine um I have to
fix my nails because they're chips so
you know we have to look decent I have
to do something with my hair I don't
know what I'm going to do with my hair
um it's great it's going really well
guys so this vlog will have I think
three stages stage one is me getting
ready so it's gonna be able to get ready
with me there's a pressing version but
it will be fine and then we're gonna get
to the ball itself where hopefully we're
gonna hop on an escape uber rather
quickly and then probably the midnight
McDonald's that follows it so yeah let's
do it
five minutes later welcome to get ready
with Elena
um mi beauty vlogger noun absolute you
know I probably get canceled for using
the wrong brushes or whatever um but
yeah this is just a makeup routine that
I've used for a really long time for
just you know covering out my acne
because I've had acne well pretty much
since I started using makeup
which is when I was about 12 so I've had
a long time to figure out how to cover
this up
and that's what we're gonna do now so
I'm just gonna put my hair up because
that's what all the beauty people always
do um and yeah then I thought we just do
like a chill get ready with me I've
never really done this I'm sorry
also I have a full makeup routine on my
channel if you guys are interested but
basically I'm the wax but I just do
whatever works um so this is what we're
working with today I'm sorry the
lighting is kind of screwed up but I
think you can see it um so yeah my skin
is doing great guys um it's like
whenever you have an event your acne is
just like don't worry I'm here for it oh
yeah all right so we're gonna get
started I'm gonna put on some foundation
and probably complain along the way so
and now we're just going to put in some
foundation and yeah we're just gonna
chat I'm sorry I feel like I'm making
this awkward but basically the reason
I'm doing my makeup at 4 p.m. it's
already kind of dark outside um is that
you know I felt like if I did it like I
normally would do a makeup around like 5
a.m. um that would not work out well we
could it would probably be super oily
and disgusting by the time I got to the
ball so I'm doing it now and yeah I'm
already regretting it because I'm so not
in the mood to put on makeup I'm not in
the mood to dress up I'm just gonna move
to sleep I didn't have enough sleep last
night but like I'm always in a mood to
sleep oh this is great
[Music]
okay so at our foundation this what my
skin looks like now and if you think
there is no change you're probably not
that wrong my foundation is low coverage
because I don't need full coverage
everywhere so next we're gonna go for
concealer and I'm using this my full
coverage concealer which hopefully will
make all of these people's disappear I
also feel like I haven't fully explained
to you guys resolves all the concepts so
the way this works in Cambridge is you
can sign up for it you can buy a ticket
it's organized by the Law Society and
[Music]
then you know they keep it really really
secret where it happens so I have no
idea where I will be tonight they will
send us an email at a time the buses
start departing so I'm around like 7:00
p.m. I think but until then I'll have
absolutely zero idea about where I have
to be because anyone about so you pay
for that with your ticket so that's okay
um but I just need to know because I'm
gonna have to call my uber and like
please you know I need to go there is no
way I'm staying there until 1:30 which
is when it ends um so I'm gonna leave
latest around 11:00 I just need to say
hi to my friends tell her she did a
great job which I'm sure she did because
she's amazing at organizing things and
then I get to leave so the plan is we're
gonna go in there we're gonna take some
of the free food because yes the food is
free so are the drinks but that's
irrelevant to me because I don't drink
I'll go like I will let you just be like
can I have some water you know so when I
was interested in the drinks were on the
food but we're gonna grab some of the
free food and then we're gonna go and
find my friend hug her tell her she did
great and then we're gonna escape and
that's the plan
[Music]
okay so this is what my skin looks like
now I'm pretty happiness's um so you
know I can lift us up for tonight um
that's fine so we're moving on to
concealer because um we need to look a
little bit more awake lots of it -
cheerful you know the drill
also I noted like some people may you
know watch this video and be like wow
you're so entitled because I get to go
to a ball in Cambridge I came at
University I'm a student here and I'm
just complaining and to be honest I know
Bob and at the same time I am never
complaining about you know you have to
change study here I'm incredibly
grateful for that I work really hard but
I'm just not a potty person for me so
should I think it's something that's
quite hard cuz I'm just someone who is
very introverted I prefer to be on my
own I don't mind being in the library on
my own for hours or you know just the
entire day i'ma just work that's fine
with me
um but I don't know I'm a very awkward
person when it comes to socializing and
I just struggle to make conversation so
I'm a bit worried that I might just you
know stand there on my own like I have
no friends and that's that um that might
well be happening um I do have friends
but like it is kind of hard for me to ya
make these conversations and I don't
know I haven't really been to a ball so
I don't know what's gonna go on there
but yeah I'm honestly a bit scared but
I'm also just really not motivated to
dress up I want much prefer to just work
um so yeah I just wanted to make clear
this is not connected to a lack of
gratitude for my opportunities you have
to degree here arm or anything like that
it's really not it's just I'm very
introverted
okay now that I look a bit crazy because
my powder has yet to you know set and
then we have to get rid of whatever
excess is still here we're now going to
move on to bronzer because I'm a super
super pale and you know even though I
spend my life in the library we need to
make it look like I see the Sun so
that's what we're doing
wow I look terrible I promise you when
this excess powder is gone this will
look better trust me okay time for some
Rouge because um I'm still pale okay and
now I'm gonna get rid of this excess
powder and I have a really weird way of
doing that because I'm actually putting
on more powder um but basically the idea
is you only there kind of tap it in oh
you just distribute it somewhere else
and we're adding some extra powder
because well I have very oily skin and
since I've been doing this I haven't had
problems with you know my makeup is
getting super oily probably because
there's so much powder that you know
there's just no way your skin can get
oily but it works and that's what
matters because you know why don't
people go to events nowadays because
they take pictures because it was not on
Facebook or Instagram it didn't really
happen so we need to look good in those
pictures
that's one social event that I've
attended so that I can send it to my mom
and she'll be proud so yeah that is the
look we're just gonna add some mascara
because right now it looks a bit weird
and I just need to brush my brows I
don't really do my eyebrows I know a lot
of people have like products and stuff
um I don't I don't know how to do that I
think my eyebrows would look really
weird so I just go over it with this
brush and just you know try to make them
look normal home and that's all I do
there is no color on this but I use this
for my mascara as well to just talk my
lashes so I guess there might be some
excess
so maybe it darkens them a little bit I
don't know but yeah that's pretty much
my strategy for brows okay guys so I now
have my makeup done um I think I was
alright I'm happy with this um I just
need to put on some lipstick now I
thought I had a dark red lipstick which
I gave to my mom faux birthday and then
I stole it from her don't analyze that
sentence too much but yeah but I don't
have it
I forgot it in Germany that's what you
call karma so you know I know have only
a few options but that's fine so I have
this lipstick which I wear pretty much
every day because they just you know
works with my skin color and it just
looks good also I am so sorry it's not
focusing it is not working
I'm sorry oh but you can see it what
kind of color it is so this is my first
option then my second option is this
liquid lipstick which is a gorgeous
color I'm not sure if it's working with
my outfit because it's dark red but it
is a liquid lipstick which means it
lasts longer because it just dries and
then you good and then I have this lip
gloss which I could put it buff everyone
just still look a little bit fancy and
have all my hair stick to my lips
because that's every girl's dream
right right so I'm not gonna have to
decide now because I'm gonna have to
Skype with her friends now because it is
almost five o'clock and we agreed to
this a long time ago when I was still
hoping I could find an excuse to get out
of this ball I couldn't I've tried a lot
the things I've tried include faking an
illness faking prior commitments I have
tried to bribe someone with st. John's
Mae Ball tickets and return for them
telling my friends that I was there and
I just couldn't find them one of my
friends told on me so that's why that
didn't work out I've always that plan
was flawless
that's why I'm here getting ready at
5:00 p.m. to go to a party I don't want
to go to my life's great guys so I'm
gonna Skype with her and while Scout
with her I'm gonna do my nails because
we need to fix this one our new pair hi
guys
so i Skype with my friends I notice not
what I'm wearing and this is my jacket
um but I'm going now and I'm going to go
to McDonald's because I need chicken
McNuggets to get myself through this
night so yeah I'm already wearing the
ring that I'm gonna wear like I can't be
bothered to take it off
um so I'm literally like wearing
leggings and like a stupid fancy ring
it's a look so we'll have it at my hair
no am I wearing lipstick no but I'm
wearing some lip balm so that's
something um so I'm gonna go get my
chicken McNuggets and I'm gonna put on
my outfit my nails are painted so that's
the good news so we have like
presentable hands now and I was right
people go for these demands for pictures
my friend has already asked me if he can
pick me up and he wants to take pictures
a new quote in college it is dark it is
night let me show you like there's so no
point in taking pictures it's just dark
outside
um but yeah okay I'm gonna have to do my
hair I don't know what I'm gonna do with
my hair I might just have to keep it
open because I don't have time also I
cannot be bothered also I need chicken
McNuggets so yeah see you in a bit
twelve seconds later so remember how I
was like I'm gonna get my chicken
McNuggets basically therapy yeah that
didn't happen it's raining so I'm gonna
get dressed and then I'm gonna take my
friend with me to McDonald's because
then showed up early he was supposed to
be here at 7:15 it is 649 I'm just
putting it out there so here's the plan
GIP dress um just tight which coat to
bring pack some flats because I am NOT
walking in heels to to Queens backs no
because you know I like my
had connected to my body um so yeah
that's the plan and I'm not doing my
hair because now I don't have time for
it and frankly not be bothered I can
really not be bothered to do my hair you
can really see it but it's like dog red
um it's quite nice and yeah I'm wearing
my favorite ring which I just wear for
like special occasions and then I'm also
room this bracelet which I haven't
really wanted a lot but I kind of like
it because I had like these like to you
know different swans
but we're still unsure about the
earrings so ever studs or DS Dennis
advocating for these oh you changed your
mind change my Molly did you just change
your mind because I put you on cow right
no no what because they're gonna be like
well do you know like the set their
other one no I think they're nice
actually no this does okay see my
opinion one that's already arguments
that like my opinion one and it was the
better one to start with
yeah so I'm gonna put in my steps and
then I'm gonna just quickly put on my
heels to double-check that I can walk in
there because I Loki had minor surgery
on one of my feet so yeah that was like
one and a half weeks ago so I hope I can
actually walk in heels otherwise I'm
just gonna wear my normal shoes and not
care because I cannot be bothered I
don't even want to be there but I'm
showing up anyway so I guess my presence
is everything that I'm praying through
the table so I just said to Dan I have
to document all of this because this is
the only party I'll ever attend housing
brackets other than the navel like for
sure you'll come to johns manville this
year so here we go guys so guys this is
the final outfit um also my bed is a
mess because I've just changed and my
heels luckily fit and I think I can walk
in them which is great I love these
heels by the way um they're like kind of
high but like not too high but they look
like they're higher than they are and
they're really comfy but I think they
make like you know like a really nice
foam I don't know I love
and I feel like if you're like trying to
like you know get like formal shoes out
really recommend like investing in a
pair of heels because when you're
comfortable in them you can like you
know where in the entire night that's
important you can't relate because
you're a guy guys have it so easy
but like for girls Flass aren't really
considered formal enough for black-tie
there are so many things you have to put
on until I and where these take like
half an hour oh wow it takes them half
an hour to make it fly I started to get
ready at 4:00 p.m. so guys I'm done um
can't see my lovelies
carry your back I'm just gonna leave
this one in the cloakroom I just have my
heels in there because I'm not wearing
my nice heels for like rainy Cambridge
and ruining them and probably dying on
the way so yeah anyway um I just quickly
want to show you guys dance couplings
because they are really really amazing
and Craig's for creative because I
always like about like how girls
have to put so much effort into formal
outfit but guys do too um my like
showing them all um can you see them on
the camera wait it needs a Becca there
we go there's like real fossils we just
pretty cool yeah I love that as a
coupling is frizzled so now I'm gonna go
with my fashionable Sainsbury's back I
also have like a small bag which this
one and this one I'm gonna bring in to
the ball but I'm gonna leave my you know
shoes in the cloakroom
so I'm gonna use my Sainsbury's back
which is a look so now we're going to
McDonalds absolutely overdressed
that's fine McDonald's knows mean always
of live and chicken McNuggets are worth
it
okay guys as I told you people just care
about pictures and I was right so first
of all I got my chicken monoids because
that is the priority we're now in dance
college yeah my peaceful home
the King's prose a college days of
course inferior descendants but has more
Nobel Prize winners so just putting them
out we have more funding for students
and their wings so here's the thing and
we're not taking pictures and then we're
running towards our buzz and if we miss
it or now we'll be a shame if I couldn't
make it to the thing they hate me though
with even more
[Music]
[Applause]
she's proud of me because I
[Music]
[Applause]
okay guys I'm back in my room it was so
cold outside
oh my god Oh like I was gonna go for
like chicken McNuggets just to write you
know reward myself for you know having
done rumors but I can't I can't go out
there he's so-called I'm stuck here
might make myself some chicken noodle
soup we just just can't so that's fine
um I might just fall into my bed it's
three minutes to eleven so we are good
three hours behind my usual bedtime
I don't you don't have eyes like oh and
I'm talking weirdly because I'm really
really cold so yeah but yeah how was the
ball um it was alright I think um I
think I could have slept in that time
and that would have been beautiful
um but my friends are really really
happy that I came because I'm you know I
don't usually go to parties so yeah I
know it meant a lot to like a few of
them so and one of my friends then he
just hung out with me any time because
he knows like I don't know I struggle a
bit with like really full rooms that is
really not my thing
um yeah so he just you know got in food
and we're not like he got really full
he's she's like why don't we move to
another room which is really really nice
like if you have a friend like that
though she's lovely if you're an
introvert um so yeah yeah I mean it's
alright um but it's you know was it
worth 90 pounds no not really
but then again the smiles on my friends
faces are priceless but they could have
been cheaper
no seriously I'm really happy that you
know like it meant something to them
that I showed up and everything that
just kind of make me happy about him but
all-in-all
I'm just not a party person but mom I
went to a party while was a university I
did that you can be proud of me now so
yeah I'm gonna go to sleep now I'm just
gonna take off my makeup fall into my
bed and sleep because that's what I
really want to do